General questions

Name of planner: BFS(f) 
Names of team members: Nir Lipovetzky, Miquel Ramirez, Chris Muise, Hector Geffner
Tracks

The planner is entered in the following tracks (please remove all options that don't apply; multiple answers possible):

[The planner is entered in the sequential agile track.]

Features

The planner supports object fluents in the following way (please remove all options apart from the one that applies):

[The planner only supports predicate representations, no object fluent representations.]

The planner supports PDDL types in the following way (please remove all options apart from the one that applies):

[The planner supports both representations, and typed representations are preferred.]

The planner supports grounded representations in the following way (please remove all options apart from the one that applies):

[The planner supports both representations, and representations with schematic operators are preferred.]

The planner supports the following optional features (please remove all options that don't apply; multiple answers possible):

[The planner supports general ADL conditions (exists, forall, or, ...) in operators and goals.]

The planner supports numeric state variables in the following way (please remove the one that doesn't apply):

[Numeric state variables are not supported.]

Note that support for numeric state variables (beyond support of action costs) is not needed in the sequential tracks, and that numeric state variables are required in the temporal and preferences tracks. However, we expect some planners that don't support numeric state variables to be entered in the temporal and preferences tracks. (These planners will then score zero points in domains where numbers are necessary.)

The planner supports temporal planning in the following way (please remove all options apart from the one that applies):

[Temporal planning is not supported.]

Note that support for durative actions is not needed in the sequential tracks, and of course it is required in the temporal tracks. Durative actions are an optional feature in the preferences tracks. Negative preconditions and conditional effects are required for sequential tracks, but optional in preferences and temporal tracks.
